No word yet from Hozuki
Castle?
Yes, Lord Raikage, we've
located the box, but we
can't get anywhere near
it, security's too tight.
Keep a close watch. If
you see the slightest
chance, take it.
Yes, sir.
You really believe this
thing exists? I mean,
come on, a box that can
grant any wish?
I agree it sounds a
little far-fetched.
And yet, we can't afford
to write it off. Consider
the possibility this
thing is not a box, per
se. That "box" is
just a euphemism for
something else...
...some incredibly
powerful weapon--
[grunting]
Shut up! You talk too
much, you know that?
Can such an object really
exist, Lord Raikage? Do
you believe it?
It is said there was a
time when the Hidden Grass
nearly conquered the world
with the help of that box.
We can't ignore it.
Have you made contact
with the Hidden Leaf?
Lady Tsunade has agreed
to coordinate the actions of
her village with those of ours,
the Hidden Cloud.
Naturally... This
situation affects us all.
She understands this is
no time for self-interest.
What the devil--?!
(gasp)
[groggy breathing]
Hyaah!
Who dares--?!
Careless!
[gasping]
But you are--!
It would appear the
situation has grown even
more serious than I
expected... Summon Bee.
(startled breath)
Surely we can handle this
ourselves without
bothering Lord Killer
Bee.
We cannot afford to fail,
not this time. Summon
him, now!
Someone attacked the
Raikage last night.
Huh?
What's more, the Hidden
Cloud Village claims it
was you, Naruto.
What, me? That's the
dumbest thing I-- Oh,
you're putting me on
again, aren't you Granny--
The Hidden Cloud lost
three jonin. Meanwhile,
the Hidden Stone had two
shinobi killed.
Both villages sent out
these composite sketches
of the attacker.
Huh?!
No way! This has gotta
be some kind of mistake!
Naruto would never do
such a thing, milady--
Silence!
But, I mean--
We've got a diplomatic
crisis on our hands!
It-it wasn't me!
Kakashi-sensei, you gotta
believe me!
All I did last night was
have dinner at Ichiraku
Ramen, and then, uh--
then I played some shogi
with Shikamaru and then I
went to bed!
Until we can get to the
bottom of this, Naruto, I
have no choice but to
send you to Hozuki Castle.
Huh? Send me where?
What's Hozuki Castle?
It's a prison located
in the Hidden Grass, but
run jointly by all the
villages.
It's the place where
the villages send rogue
or otherwise troublesome
shinobi.
It's easy enough to get
into, but a lot more
difficult to get out of,
as you'll soon discover.
But I didn't do anything,
this is crazy! I'm being
framed!
Somebody wants me put
away--
That's enough, Naruto!
Shadow Clone Jutsu--!
Hyuh! Wood Style!
Four-Pillar Prison!
Stop! This is crazy!!
It's a mistake!
Take him away!
It wasn't me! I
didn't do anything!!
Attention!
Now then, new arrivals,
listen up and remain silent!
Lord Mui, the master of
Hozuki Castle, will now
address you!
Let me explain your
situation.
Whatever you may have
been in your former
lives, the fact that you
were sent here means that
you are no longer of any
value to anyone.
You have lost the trust
of your people and are
considered a threat to
the peace and stability of--
I was framed!
This is a joke, I
didn't do anything!
You've got the wrong guy,
Lord-whatever-your-name-is!
Silence there, you dog--!
You're the innocent
victim of some sort of
conspiracy, is that it?
Exactly, and while
we're wasting time
here, the real guilty
guy is still out there,
about to do who knows
what!
We of the Hidden Grass
have an agreement with
the other villages
whereby we guarantee that
those sent here will
never be allowed to
escape.
Your personal
circumstances are none of
our concern.
Fire Style: Celestial
Prison!
That Imprisonment Jutsu
is unique to my clan.
It's the reason why the
Hidden Grass chose us as
overseers of Hozuki
Castle.
As long as you wear this
jutsu formula, you will
not be able to infuse
your chakra.
There are only two ways
you can leave this
place... The first is by
official request from the
village that sent you
here...
The second, and by far
the most common, is by
dying.
Huh! Hate to disappoint
you, but I've got a
third way. Multi Shadow
Clone Jutsu!
Huh?
[chuckling]
[gasping]
What happened? My body
feels like it's on fire.
I must admit, I'm
impressed. That you
could summon forth even
that much chakra under
the Celestial Prison...
Still, don't think of
escaping.
Go beyond a certain
distance from me and the
Celestial Prison will
fully activate...
... and burn you
to a cinder.
One more thing. You may
have heard that the Fire
Style: Celestial Prison
is ineffective
underwater, and it is
true...
But the surrounding sea
is deep and the currents
are treacherous... You
would drown long before
you could infuse your
chakra.
[groaning and screaming in pain]
As Lord Mui explained,
you're never getting
out of this place alive,
so you might as well get
used to being here.
Once you accept it,
you'll find it's not
so bad at all.
[grunting]
Yeaaahh.
These are some of our
old-timers. I'm sure
they'll make you feel
right at home.
[catcalling]
Hey, shorty! I'll see you
in the yard later!
[laughing]
Yo, newbies!
Welcome to hell!
[laughing]
First you'll have to
undergo a physical exam.
That means all of you!
And I'm talking a
really thorough physical
exam,
so I hope you're not
bashful, blondie.
[laughing]
Hey, uh, so what're you
in for?
Nothing, nothing at all!
They got the wrong guy, I
didn't do a damn thing!
What a shame.
Me, I was given a mission
messed it up pretty bad.
I was told to slaughter
every living soul in a
neighboring village.
But in a moment of
weakness or something, I
let this one little kid
get away,
and when my
village found out...
That was a crime?
What village you from,
anyway?
The Hidden Leaf Village.
Huh? Well, that explains it.
I've heard the Hidden Leaf are
a bunch of softies.
Huh? What did you say?!
Where I come from, a
shinobi obeys orders.
I guess you guys in the
leaf don't take things like
that so seriously.
[grunting]
Listen, jerk, don't go
trashing the Hidden Leaf!
You don't know a thing
about us!
You just watch! Just
wait till I get out of
here and find the guy who
framed me,
I'll show you who's
serious!
That's enough, save
your breath.
What?!
The guy's right,
there's a reason
you're in here.
Hozuki Castle is where
shinobi are sent who can
no longer serve their
village...
Thieves are thieves,
murderers are murderers.
You can never run
away from who you are.
Hey, I'm not running
away from anything!
Bandana!
Out!
Listen, when you look
around and see you're
in a deep hole...
... it's time to
stop digging.
What is that supposed
to mean?
You figure it out.
Get undressed.
Huh?
There's nothing
here, sir.
[chuckling]
Very well. Start
jumping in place from
one leg to the other.
Huh?? And why the hell
would I do that?
To shake out anything you
might be hiding on your
body.
Now, do it! Jump!
Faster.
[chuckling]
Clean, so far.
Damn it--
What are you doing?
C'mon, there's
nowhere else I could
be hiding anything!
Off with the shorts.
Huh?!
[chuckling]
Hey, wait! Hey... get
your hands off of me!
[gasping]
Exercise period is over.
Prisoners will return to
their cells for roll
call...
All right, Maroi, it's
time.
Who's there?!
He can sleep his first
night here? This kid's
either a big shot or a
complete idiot.
[struggling]
Man, that's a relief, I
was suffocating in this
damn thing.
Uh!
You incompetent fool.
[alarms sounding]
[screaming]
I can barely make one
clone 'cause of this
thing.
He can sleep his first
night here? This kid's
either a big shot or a
complete idiot.
[grunting]
[yelling]
[screaming]
[grunting]
Another second, that
would've been me.
Damn it, they're on
to me already!
Unit 1, check the
perimeter! Units 2 and 3,
go directly to the
cliffs!
[barking]
[barking and growling]
[howling]
The escapee has been
apprehended. Pursuant to
standard procedure,
he'll be transferred to
solitary confinement.
Already? I expected the
kid to give them more of
a runaround than that.
So what do we do now?
Regulations call for
three days in solitary
and as long as he's
there, we can't touch
him. And you never know
if there's an agent of
the Flower Faction among
the jailers.
Hm.
And he's a Jinchuriki,
you're certain of that?
It's time, Mui... The
hour has come to revive
the glory of the Hidden
Grass... and to set aside
any regrets you have
about your son.
Yes, and we should act
quickly...
There have been disturbing
reports that the Flower have
sent their spies here.
By the way, Mui, have you
taken care of Kazan of
the Hidden Lava?
Kazan is very skillful...
It will probably require
all four of us to deal
with him.
I don't think we need
to be too worried...
After all, we
know his weakness.
True.
[chuckling]
Psst. Are you there?
Hm? Who's that?
Hey, I'm a nobody.
Just a little-nobody.
Listen, wanna know how
to escape?
Huh? You know how?
'Kay, I'm listening,
go on.
Defeat Mui in combat and
that jutsu will
disappear.
Why're you telling me
this? What do you get out
of it?
Hey!
Hold it!
Ah, you're out, are
you? Did you enjoy your
time in solitary?
I'm outta here! I'm
not wasting my time in
this dump a day longer!
There's someone out
there messing with my
village and no one gets
away with that!
And what does all this
have to do with me?
I heard if I take you
down, the Celestial
Prison jutsu will be
broken!
I'm not nuts about the idea
of fighting you, but if it's
the only way...
I'd reconsider if I
were you. In your
present condition, you
wouldn't stand a chance.
Won't know unless I
try, right?
[yelling]
[groaning]
Tell me, what does your
village mean to you?
Have you ever murdered
innocent men, women and
children all in the name of
protecting your sacred village?
You're saying I'm not good
to my village unless I'm
willing to do that, huh?!
Exactly.
What a load of crap--!
You're finding it
difficult to breathe,
aren't you?
You're thinking this
can't be happening, and...
You're thinking how
you've sustained so
much damage from so
little effort.
When you fight, your
chakra becomes active.
Even a small amount of
chakra will cause the
Celestial Prison to
react, and burn.
Damn. I can't get my body
to do what I want!
Eventually you'll
understand.
You no longer matter to
anyone,
and even if you went to
the gates of hell and back for
the sake of your village,
they wouldn't care.
Yeah, yeah, you go to
hell! This isn't over
yet!
Well, well, I guess you
must've enjoyed your
stay in solitary, 'cause
here you are...
... going right back
in again.
Second offense, five
days! Let's see how
feisty you are after
that, huh?
Have you ever murdered
innocent men, women and
children all in the name of
protecting your sacred village?
Tell me, What does your
village mean to you?
[grunting]
The Box of Paradise...
gives rise to Satori,
moves Satori, and ends
with Satori...
And in every case, it
leads to destruction.
Your five days are up.
Let's go, Uzumaki. Out!
[slurping]
Oh! I know that sound!
They serve ramen here?
Ha! Bet it's not as
good as Ichiraku's!
[gulping]
Uhh... what, did I say
something wrong?
Okay, fine, you wanna
fight, then bring it!!
[clapping]
Uh... heh-heh.
What exactly's
going on?
Come on over.
Well, I don't get it,
but okay!
Yeah! Thank you, thank
you very much!
Hi, I'm Naruto Uzumaki
from the Village Hidden
in the Leaves! It's
really great to meet you!
Name's Maroi, good to
meet ya. You know, you've
made yourself quite the
hero around here.
Hero?
You tried to escape the
first day you got here.
You've been thrown in
solitary, twice.
You even took on
Mui. You got guts, kid.
You knew you couldn't
infuse your chakra but
that didn't stop you...
You knew you didn't
have a chance, but you
went ahead and took on
the big man anyway.
Not a lotta guys
would do that.
Heh. It was nothing,
really.
Hey, seriously, man.
Mui's imprisonment
jutsu has made us forget
we're shinobi.
Just look around. These
guys are sheep. Nobody
ever stirs things up in
here.
It's so peaceful...
Oh.
Hey! Fight on the yard!
Looks like someone else
is taking on Mui!
I thought you said it was
peaceful.
Huh! Well, it always
used to be. I guess you
must be a bad influence,
kid.
Hold it--!
Wait--!
So is it true what they
say, I can get rid of this
stinkin' jutsu tattoo by
takin' you down?
Don't try it. If you
insist on testing the
theory it will be the
last thing you ever do.
Get him--!
[yelling and grunting]
Kusakage Style: Explosive
Palm!
[grunting]
Celestial Prison:
Flame Sword.
[gasping]
No... no.
[screaming]
What a mess. Get in
here and clean this
up!
That guy is a monster--!
No, leave it alone.
You saw what he did!
I'm not letting him--!
Whoa, slow down, listen
to me for a minute.
I've been here a while,
I know everyone's
story.
That guy he just burnt to
a crisp?
He poisoned a
village's water supply.
Killed everyone in it.
Why would anyone
do that?
No reason at all,
because some girl from
that village had turned
him down.
Uh!
I'm just saying, you
don't wanna go throwing
your life away on scum
like him...
You're worth a
lot more than that.
Exercise period is over.
Prisoners will return to
their cells for roll
call... Once again:
So he says to the
doctor, read the card!
Yeah, dig it!
Late again! The
warden's gonna kill
me!
Sorry I had to do it to
you buddy.
[chuckling]
So I can only manage
one clone, but that's
enough!
[grunting]
Going by land didn't
get me very far last
time... This time, I'll
go by sea!
I don't care how strong
the damn current is...
I'm stronger!
You'll die if you jump
from there.
Who's there?
Why are you so determined
to get away?
You again...
Listen, when you look
around and see you're in
a deep hole, it's time to
stop digging.
If I don't get outta
here I can't prove
I'm innocent!
And how are you
gonna do that?
I-- I don't know
exactly... But I'll
find a way!
What makes you think
they'll believe you?
After all, they're the
ones who sent you here.
I don't care! If you think
I'm gonna sit around here
waiting for someone else to
catch the guy who framed me,
You're crazy!
[gasping]
Shadow Clo--
The current's too
strong! Can't make
my signs!
So, uh... I guess I should
thank you for saving my
life... Huh?
You were lucky. The
currents only get worse
from there... If you'd
been swept just a little
further out, I wouldn't
have been able to save
you.
Uh. What the hell
are you staring at?
You a transvestite?
Watch what you call me!
That kinda hurt.
Huh? You really
are a girl?!
Don't you tell anyone.
After all, it was me
who just saved your life,
wasn't it?
You owe me.
You remember what I told
you in the holding cell?
About the hole? Yeah.
That was a warning to
watch your step. Didn't
get through to you, did
it? You act before you
think, that's why you
keep getting into
trouble.
I mean, seriously.
Are you really a
shinobi?
You should talk. Who are
you anyway?
Ryuzetsu. I belong to the
Hidden Grass Anbu.
We've done our
research. And we know
all about you, Naruto.
The fact is, I
infiltrated Hozuki Castle
specifically because
we'd received
intel that you were
to be imprisoned there
yourself.
Hidden Grass Anbu, huh?
But why? What do you want
with me?
I know who framed you.
Are you serious?! Tell
me, who was it?
The lord of this
prison. Mui.
Huh?
Mui is a jonin of the
Hidden Grass...
He comes from a long line
of Hidden Grass gatekeepers
who do just that. Guard the
gate.
And beyond the gate,
there is a box.
A box?
It's known as the Box
of Paradise and according
to legend it's supposed
to grant the wish of
anyone who can open it.
Come on, a box that
grants wishes?
No one really knows
for sure if it's true.
But they say that during
the era of the Sage of
Six Paths, the Hidden
Grass Village came close
to conquering the world
after opening the box.
Well, what kept them from
finishing the job?
No one knows why, but
one day the Hidden Grass
was completely destroyed.
And from amongst the
survivors, two rival
factions were born...
The Seeds of Grass
faction seeks to revive
the Hidden Grass through
war and conquest, while
we of the Flowers of
Grass counsel peace.
Mui belongs to the Seeds
of Grass . They intend to
use the Box as a weapon.
According to the information
we've received, it requires
an enormous amount of chakra
to open the box.
That's why you're
here.
They want the chakra you
possess as a Jinchuriki,
so they framed you, knowing
you'd be sent here.
So you're telling me these
Seeds of Grass guys are
responsible for me being
stuck here?!
That's right. and my mission
is to prevent the Seeds of
Grass from opening the
Box, no matter what.
Well then, maybe it was a
mistake to save me, you
ever thought of that?
I mean,  come on, if
you'd let me drown,
they wouldn't be able
to open it.
If I'd done that-- If I
had let an innocent person
die just because it
served my purposes...
... then I would be no
different than he is.
He being...?
That man.
Mui doesn't care what
he has to do to open
that box.
He was even willing to
sacrifice his own son.
[grunting in pain]
[groaning in pain]
Hm. Not enough chakra, it
seems.
[quiet weeping]
The only way I will ever
fulfill my mission is by
killing Mui. I will
kill Mui.
So, did something happen
between you two or what?
That's none of your
business.
Mui's jutsu must be
broken. Only then can
you use your power to open
the gate and destroy the Box.
So you think you have to
kill Mui to release this jutsu?
Don't worry about this thing,
it's nothin' I can't handle!
It's not enough to keep
me from smashing that box
into a million pieces,
you don't have to kill
the guy.
You say that now, but...
You have no idea! Don't
make the mistake of
underestimating Naruto
Uzumaki!
Yes, well, anyway... Are
you willing to return
with me to Hozuki Castle?
[grunting]
Oh, yeah. I'm
your guy!
Fire Style: Demon
Lantern!
[sighing]
I can never get
it to work!
You're rushing it
way too much.
Fire Style: Demon
Lantern!
[chuckling]
Well, you don't
have to show off!
Honestly, prodigies are
so annoying! They're
able to master anything
without even practicing!
Well, you're a
prodigy too,
remember?
You mean my Kekkei
Genkai?
Life Transference is an
amazing jutsu.
Oh yeah, it's terrific,
use it once and you're
dead! No thanks, I
don't want it!
Muku, what is it?
It's tomorrow...
Oh! That's right!
Your big day.
Yeah...
You are so lucky. So
far, everybody's cut
you a lot of slack just
because you're the
first genius the Hidden
Grass has ever produced!
Now here's your chance
to come back to the
village a true hero!
But there's always a
chance I won't come
back at all.
Are you scared?
No, just--! I can't
help wondering...
Hey, Ryuzetsu?
Do you think it's all
right that we're even
trying to open this box?
What do you mean?! Of
course! It's for the
good of the village!
It's not that I'm
scared of dying..!
I don't quite know how
to put it, but...
Sometimes I just get the
feeling that my heart's
not in it.
You're not gonna die,
so get that idea out
of your head!
You've got to promise
me! You'll come back
safe, promise me that!
[grunting]
Come on, say it!
[gasping]
I promise... I promise,
Ryuzetsu.
I understand now Muku.
That box must never be
opened!
Tell me, what does your
village mean to you?
Have you ever murdered
innocent men, women and
children all in the name of
protecting your sacred village?
I will kill Mui.
Are you mad? Do you want
to be thrown in solitary
again?
I'm on to you. I know
that you're the one who
framed me!
[sighing]
[yelling]
Is he stupid or what?
Kuskage Style:
Explosive Palm!
[grunting]
Perhaps now you've
learned your lesson.
You asked what my village
means to me... I've been
trying to think. But no
matter how hard I try...
All I can think of are
the dumbest little
things...
The ramen shop. Pervy
Sage. Rock Lee's haircut.
Things that would seem silly
and meaningless to a stranger.
The third offense means
one week! If you keep
this up, we're gonna
run out of regulations
for you and then we'll
have to start improvising.
It's about time we gave
you your own personal
cell, with your nameplate
on the door!
Please hurry... Here's
the key.
I can't wait any
longer. Killing Mui will
keep the Box from opening.
At least for now.
Well, well!... So the
Flower sent an assassin.
[grunting]
Sorry, you just missed
him. He had to step out
for a minute, anything I
can help you with?
That was the deal. I
did my job. Now let me
see my son.
So Kazan of a Hundred
Transformations is a
family man, eh?
First, why don't you
drop that disguise?
I did what you ordered,
disguised myself as that
brat and killed people.
I expect you to keep your
end of the bargain.
Oh, we'll keep our
end...
But first, you'll have
to disappear!
[yelling]
[grunting]
I can't move!
Surprised? When it comes
to the Imprisonment Jutsu,
no one's as versatile as
the Hidden Grass.
We promised to let you
see your son, and you
will...
In the afterlife!
Damn you...!
Hyah!
[screaming]
Well, that takes care of
that.
Knock on wood! Knock on
wood!
Oh, it's you, Mui.
Good, we can rest easier
now.
[chatting]
Why'd you let me go?
So you were really sent
to assassinate Mui,
huh?... If that's
true...
...I guess there must be
something to this legend
of the Box of Paradise.
You're not going to get
your way with that Box, I
swear.
I couldn't care less
about all that. I'm
just looking for an easy
time of it, that's all.
Can't do anything with
this jutsu on me... So,
as long as I'm stuck in
here, it makes sense to
be on Mui's good side,
right?
What are you driving at?
Oh, come on,
don't you see?
If Lord Mui dies, I'll
be free of this joint
and your mission will
have been accomplished.
So we-- I mean, you and
I, maybe we're like
on the same team.
You got something in
mind?
I can lay the groundwork
for you.
Why in the world should I
trust you?
Do you know why the
Hidden Grass like it here
at Hozuki Castle so much?
For one thing, it's the
perfect place to hide the
Box of Paradise...
[gasping]
Then there's the
endless supply of
prisoners' chakra to
harvest as they try to
find a way to open the
thing.
Anybody who gets sent to
this place is as good as
dead.
Personally, I'm not
looking forward to the
night they come and drain
the chakra out of me.
So you see, this means as
much to me as it does to
you.
Just who the hell are
you anyway?! How do you
know so much about it?
I've been hanging
around Mui for a while.
So whattaya say? You
gonna take a chance on
me?
Okay, Uzumaki, out!
Move your butt,
let's go!
How dare that Mui keep us
waiting like this!
Patience. A man willing
to sacrifice his own son
for the cause deserves a
little indulgence.
Soon, the Hidden Grass
will rise again, and the
whole world will bow down
before us!
[chuckling]
[chatting]
No, I can't say I trust
this Maroi completely.
But it's a risk we just
have to take.
This Box of Paradise is
supposed to grant anyone's
wish, right?
What's keeping you guys
of the Flowers of Grass
from taking advantage of
it?
I mean, why not just use
the Box to wish for world
peace or whatever?
We can't. It's far too
dangerous a weapon. And
people must learn for
themselves that we will
never have peace until
there is an end to war.
That Box must not be
allowed to exist in this
world!
Hey, can I ask you
something?
What is it?
Mui's son... what
was he to you?
What do you mean?
When you talked about him,
you got pretty emotional,
so I just wondered...
His name was Muku.
He-- He was a very
close friend.
Got it.
Okay, thanks, that's
all I needed to know. I
can trust you now, so
count me in.
You're not scared of
the Celestial Prison?
[grunting]
Well, yeah, as a
matter of fact...
But what'd be even more
frightening, is thinking
that I might lose heart
in this.
[gasping]
Sometimes I just get the
feeling that my heart's
not in it.
All right, then.
Hey! What the hell do you
think you're doing?!
Now you asked
for it!!
Hey! Watch it, kid!
[grunting]
Well? Come on, do
something about it,
why don't you?!
I'll do something about
it all right, you little--
Fight! Fight!
[yelling]
Why don't you come and
get me, jackass! You want
some? I'll give you some!
Check it out! Rumble in
the yard! All hell's
breaking loose!
Okay, that means we're
off and running.
[grunting]
All right!
Check it out!
[cheering]
Uh, I'm sorry, man,
I didn't see you the--
No reason we can't have
a little fun too, huh?!
Wait a second. Did you
just bump me? Punishment
for you.
No, no! it was him, he
tripped me-- Owww!
This place.... The
ambiance is getting as
bad as the food.
Yo, yo, yo! Bring
it on with the--
What the--?! My
boombox, man!
Get the hell outta my
soup!!
What?! A riot??!
Don't just stand there!
Clear the yard!
Yes, sir! Right away,
sir!
[fighting]
Lord Mui, sir! ...If you
would kindly activate
your imprisonment jutsu,
that would stop them!
What, for this minor
disturbance? Deal with it
yourself!
Yes, sir!
The old geezer's gone
crazy!
Oh, yeah? I'll geezer
you, you little punk.
[grunting and fighting]
So far, so good. Now,
while Ryuzetsu keeps Mui
distracted, I've gotta find
the gate that leads to the Box.
It should be on the
middle shelf, third from
the left... the blue
book...
Huh?
Looks like
this is it.
Now I get to find
out what a box that
grants any wish looks
like.
Okay now, if my plan
works, I can break this
Celestial Prison jutsu
without having to kill
that guy.
[rioting]
[crazed chuckling]
Not again! You're
not Mui, are you?
Hold it!
[grunting]
Damn it!
[chuckling]
At last, we have
ourselves a Jinchuriki.
[grunting]
[straining]
You are such a fool.
Huh?
First I will remove the
Celestial Prison.
Release!
The next step will
require intense concentration.
I must be alone.
Okay! Lightning Style:
Lightning Signal!
Almost there..!
[grunting]
It's extraordinary,
the amount of chakra you
Jinchuriki possess.
You bastard! What kind
of man would murder his
own son just to open
that damn box?!
Were you really that
desperate to get what's
inside of it?
It is all for the future
of the Hidden Grass Village.
Don't use the future
as an excuse!
You've got no right to
talk about the future!
What about his future,
huh? That boy who trusted
you and depended on you
as his father?
If you remember, I asked
you once... whether
you'd ever had to
murder innocent people
in the name of protecting
your sacred village.
Yeah, I remember. You
remember my answer?
What a load of crap!
I agree with you.
[gasping]
[grunting]
We're similar,
you and I!
Huh?
[gasping]
...and that is the very
reason this box must be
opened!
It's no good! Lost
too much chakra...
Huh?
Fire Style: Celestial
Prison!
Damn it! Not again...!
Well, well. So the gate
and the Box of Paradise
were one and the same.
Magnificent!
At last, our wish will be
fulfilled.
Mui! Where's Mui?
The Box will only respond
to the gatekeeper. Where
is he?
Ah, there he is... Hurry,
Mui. Come and wish for
the revival of the Hidden
Grass. It's what your
late son would have
wanted.
It is time. Hear me,
Box of Paradise!
Open, I command you!
(surprised breath)
Grant me this one wish...
[gasping]
Let me see my son Muku!
Box of Paradise... grant
me this wish! I command
you!
Mui, what have you done?!
Have you gone mad?!
I banished the Hidden
Grass from my heart long
ago. Ten years ago, on
the day I lost Muku.
[gasping]
What?
Why are you here? I
don't recall asking
for your help!
Oh, shut up. Frankly, I
had been looking forward
to killing you myself.
You--!
Kazan of a Hundred
Transformations! Impossible,
we watched you die!
Why?
Let's just call
it a whim.
When this is all over, I
will willingly die by
your hand, if you wish
it.
Mui. You bastard. If it
weren't for your interference,
I'd have joined my son in
the afterlife.
Did you think you could
toy with Kazan of a
Hundred Transformations?!
Mui! You traitor! So
is this what you were
planning all along, you
treacherous dog?!
You're one to talk
about treachery!
[gasping]
[rumbling]
Muku...
Hello, Father.
My son. Forgive me.
I was so wrong, Muku.
[grunting]
[gasping]
Mui!!
[trembling]
[gasping]
Yes, Father. You were
wrong.
You should have never let
me out of that Box.
Why the hell'd
you do that?!
No matter what he may
have done, he was--!
Muku!
What happened to you in
there?
Something's changed...
...you are not the Muku I
used to know!
Ryuzetsu...
There's a part of your
soul you haven't lost
yet!
It's not too late to
return to what you were
before the Box took you!
[gasping]
Muku! No!
I'm sensing evil
chakra!
[screaming in pain]
What the hell?!
[screaming]
What is he..?
[roaring]
No, don't come near me!
[screaming]
I don't know what that
is... but the guy you
knew is gone.
Then I guess I failed
in my mission as a
Shinobi.
Save your tears for
later!
He's gone into Sage Mode.
He must've had his clone
collecting Nature Energy
all this time.
Nature--?
It's just what it
sounds like, energy drawn
from nature. I couldn't
infuse enough inner
chakra, because of this
Celestial Prison jutsu.
What is it you're
planning to do?
It still may not be too
late to get him back, if
I can destroy that Box!
Sage Mode...!
Giant Rasengan!
[yelling]
[grunting]
It didn't work!
No way!
It's no use. I tried
breaking it countless
times from inside.
It's indestructible.
Listen, you! Tell me,
why'd you have to kill
Mui?!
A man who would feed his
own son the Box? Should
I have been grateful?
Maybe what he did was
wrong.
But, He'd been looking
for a way to bring you
back ever since!
Even though it meant
betraying his own clan...
...his only thought was
of you! All he ever wanted
was to get you back!
Save your strength.
None of your attacks can
hurt me. In fact, you
can't even touch me.
How can I keep missing
such a big target?
Fine, then I'll fight a
monster with a monster!
Summoning Jutsu!
Who are you calling a
monster, you little
monster?
Sorry! Heh-heh. Slip of
the tongue.
And why are we perched on
top of this little--? Ahhh!
What going on, Naruto?
What's the Box of
Paradise doing here?
Boss! You know about this
thing?
The ultimate weapon in
the era of the Sage of
Six Paths? Of course I
know about it.
Well, well, Satori has
appeared, I see.
Satori? That's what this
thing is called?
[roaring]
The Box of
Paradise gives rise to
Satori, moves Satori and
ends with Satori. He
captures his enemies and
throws them in the box.
He does the Box's
bidding. And he can
read the hearts of men. I
don't know if it's
through a Jutsu Formula,
but once inside, the Box
of Paradise turns
friends into foes.
Ready, Naruto?
Ready!
[yelling]
Whoa, wait! Where the
hell are we going,
Gamabunta?! Are you
running away?!
You bet I am. That
was the whole idea.
I counted on the
intensity of your anger
preventing you from
reading my intentions.
There's no way on earth
or in heaven that you and
I can ever beat that
thing,
The Box is controlling
Satori.
No one's--
Satori is on a rampage.
Once he gets everyone
inside the box, the
situation will be
beyond our
control!
When it's happened
before, whole lands have
been destroyed.
So what are we supposed
to do, then?!
Once a human becomes
Satori, he can never
change back. Either we
force him back into the
Box or kill him...
Those are our only
two options.
A box that can grant
anyone's wish?! I knew it
all along. It had to be
a crock!
Exactly, there's no
such thing.
So, what would be your
wish? For riches? For
peace? The whole world?
Whatever the wish,
nothing is possible
without power... And
that's all that comes
out of the Box...
Power... Evil power.
But all Mui wished for,
all he wanted, was to
save his son!
It's amazing how
naive humans can be.
When you put an apple in
a box and leave it there
for ten years, what comes
out is a rotten apple.
Watch it. He's
coming.
[grunting]
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
(c.t. grunt/snort)
[hissing]
Hyaaah!
Whatever I do, I can't
I even get near him! What
else can we do, boss?
I told you, Satori can
read your heart...
anticipate you...
The only recourse is to
not think of anything.
But how can you not think
of anything?
Look out!
[roaring]
[grunting]
Okay. Well, this isn't
going very well. Whoa,
whoooaaa!
Boss!
Hey, you all right?!
That jerk!
He's still reading
my every move.
[chuckling]
Are you scared?
[gasping]
Disappointing, isn't
it, that even mastering
Sage Mode doesn't free
you from fear?
[chuckling]
Don't listen to
what he says!
Don't worry, I wasn't!
[grunting]
Naruto!!
Of all the times...
Now die!!!!
No time to get away--!
Boss!
That one did
some damage!
Yo, ya fool! That ain't
cool! Call that a box?
I'll show ya how to
box! Stand still, shorty,
and take one in the
chops! Ka-poww!
Whoa, Octopops?!
Hands off my bro! My
homie Naru-toh!...Word?
Uh, y-yoh. I'm down
with that.
Naruto!
You're all here?! Even
Granny Tsunade??
What're you all doing
here?
We're just here to back
you up on your mission,
Naruto.
My--? Whuuu??
That's right. No one
ever really suspected you
of being an assassin.
[chuckling]
Sorry if you felt like
we'd abandoned you.
Heh.
See, we thought if we
told you, you'd go
berserk and do something
dumb, as usual.
Glad to see you made it,
Mr. Killer Bee, sir.
Welcome.
What the
whaaat--?!?
My mission was to keep an
eye on the Box of
Paradise, and steal it,
if I ever got the chance.
Meanwhile, I was supposed
to make sure nothing
happened to you, and I
succeeded.
Huh?
You still haven't
figured it out yet?
I'm nobody, just a
lil nobody.
Waaait! That voice--!
Defeat Mui in combat and
that jutsu will
disappear.
See, Killer Bee told me
that you were sort of a
hot-head.
I figured if I dropped
that hint, you make some
trouble. And troublemakers
get put in solitary.
I knew as long as you
were in there, they
couldn't touch you. You
were safe.
But then why'd you try
to kidnap me out of my
cell that first night?
Er--! Well, uh, it was
important that we try to
open that damn gate,
you know, if possible, so
I thought... But hey, no
worries, if things had
gone bad, I would've
saved you.
By doing what?
Doesn't matter, it's
a moot point. You're
all right, that's the
main thing. Right now,
that monster's headed
our way again!
Get ready!
He would've saved me,
huh?... Yeah, like I
believe that.
[roaring]
Stop your squawkin'
and bring it on, clown!
Gon' shut you up and shut
that Box down!
Lock you up, throw away
the key! Bury you in the
deep blue sea. Float like
a butterfly,
sting like a beeee!
That's whack!
You're a pain, you know
that?
It dodged every attack.
He's able to read
people's minds.
Great. How do you beat
that?
[fleeing]
Huh?
Enough, Muku! Enough!
Ryuzetsu appearing like that
took him by surprise. He can't
read her mind?
But why not? Why not
hers?
Okay, it's do or die
time!
What are you doing?
I'm going into Sage
Mode again. You guys
gotta buy me some time.
Yaah!
You heard him. Naruto
can't do anything until
he reaches Sage Mode.
So, right now it's
up to us!
[yelling]
[roaring]
We're freeeeee!
[grunting]
[screaming]
Quick, everyone, back
inside!!
Hyah!
Neji!
Rotation!
Spiky Human Boulder!
[yelling]
You're going
down, clown.
That's not Muku.
It's not.
[laughing]
Don't be fooled.
That isn't Muku.
No, Muku is gone!
[roaring]
The Hidden Grass must
deal with the mistakes of
the Hidden Grass.
[screaming in pain]
Fire Style: Demon
Lantern!!
[screaming]
Water Style: Archerfish!
You crazy? You're
marked with the Celestial
Prison!
Gotta... stop him.
I'm not fighting alone.
The entire village is
here with me... They're
always with me.
Here goes nothin'!
What happened? All of a
sudden he can make
contact.
I'm not getting the sense
that that kid is out to
kill, yo.
What is going
on over there?
Can you imagine what
it's like, inside this
box? There's no exit,
you can' break it open.
You're inside darkness,
with one overpowering
feeling swirling around
you... It's big, and
black as the darkness
itself, and it seeps into
every cell in your body.
That feeling honed me,
purified me...
All the emotions that
once tormented me grew
fainter and fainter,
and when I killed my
father with my own hands,
they vanished completely.
Now I'm bound and
restrained by absolutely
nothing. It's wonderful.
Doesn't sound that
great.
Fear is the one feeling
that remains. My own
fear of coming out of the
Box. The fear in the
hearts of those who
attack me.
You see? It's not
people's minds I read.
I read their fears... And
that's why I understand
what's happened. You
have no fear in you now.
So that's what you
gained from killing your
father, some kind of fear
radar?
By dying, Father gave me
real strength, strength
without doubt. That's true,
unwavering power.
Don't blame Mui for
this phony power trip
you're on! He wanted
to give you something,
all right, but this
isn't it!
You call that strength?
Being blind to pain? Deaf
to your own name being
called out to you? Is
that really what you
want?
Never again feeling deep
in your heart the need to
protect someone, or
cherishing the memory of
the taste of a steaming
bowl of Ichiraku ramen
after a long, hard day?
You really don't get it.
It's with childish
sentiments like those
that the villages can
continue to pacify us
and keep us easily
under their thumbs.
If you cut off those ties,
free yourself of those
bonds and then you can
soar as high as I have.
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Sorry, pal, but you're
the one who doesn't get
it.
Those ties that bind
us to other people,
they're what make us
what we are... The more
ties, the better. And
wanting to protect those
ties at all costs,
that's where real
strength comes from.
For all his mistakes,
your father knew that!
That's just the sort of
drivel I'd expect from
a human content in
remaining weak.
Yeah?
No, Muku, that's
enough! How can you
even say suck cruel
things! Wake up!!
Take it easy.
You all right?
Your father... All right,
yes, your father betrayed
your trust, but how does
that give you the right
to betray mine?!
You promised me, Muku!
You gave me your word!
You said that you would
come back!!
(collapsing sob)
Giant Rasengan!!
[gasping]
Ryuzetsu--!
Heh.
Okay, that does it.
You've gone over the line.
What?
It took you by surprise,
what Ryuzetsu did just
now, didn't it?
You weren't able read
her, 'cause there was
nothing there to read!
She's not afraid
of you at all!
The Celestial Prison, it
isn't just an imprisonment
jutsu, is it?
Guys who can't
infuse their chakra aren't
likely to go around picking
fights with each other.
That's what you were
really after, wasn't
it? Trying to find a way
for people to live
together without
fighting?
We both know that Satori
can never be human again.
Don't you remember
saying you thought the
two of us are similar?
If that's true, you
should know what I'm
thinking right now!
What's that? What are
you babbling about?!
I wasn't talking to
you, Damn it!!
Damn! Come on, Lord Mui,
on your feet!
Pull!
[grunting]
He's still your son, Lord
Mui! And a son always wants
to see his father standing
tall and proud!
I knew it! If the
Celestial Prison jutsu is
still working, it meant
he had to be alive!
This, at least, I can do
to make amends... Muku...
We will die together, my
son!!
[roaring]
[yelling]
Fire Style: Celestial
Fire Prison!
[roaring]
[grunting]
I've got you!
[roaring]
Right! Let's do it!
You got it!
Yaaah! Lord Mui, get
outta the way!
Wind Style: Rasen
Shuriken!!
[roaring]
Father..?
[struggling]
Muku!
Ryuzetsu...
Uh!
It's been so long
since I've felt your
hands, father.
[weeping]
My son.
[screeching]
Fire Style:
Demon Lantern!
[gasping]
I'm sorry I didn't
keep my promise to you...
I wish I could have.
Oh! ^ I wish I could have
lived here with you and
Father...
... Together
in peace.
[gasping]
Mui must be dead!
Capture them all!
Choji!
These guys are a
handful!
[yelling]
Chhhheaaaaa yeahhh!
You walkin' the walk,
I'm rockin' the rock!
Yo, slow down chump, I
wanna put ya in a headlock!
It might just be me,
but I don't think any of
the prisoners are gonna
make it this far.
Huh?
Ah.
What's this?
Can you feel it? It feels
so gentle and warm.
Come on, say it!
I promise... I
promise, Ryuzetsu.
What do you promise?
I promise to come back.
[sniffling]
You better.
If I could make a wish,
you know what it would
be?
I wish I could just live
in peace, right here.
Me and Father... and...
What? Muku, what did
you just say?
[chuckling]
It took you long enough,
but you came back.
Welcome home, Muku.
He's getting weaker and
weaker! ... Naruto!
Naruto, come back!
Come on, Naruto, don't
let go!
Move aside, Sakura. Let
me try.
But, milady--!
[gasping]
The wounds are serious
There's nothing we can
do...
My name is Ryuzetsu,
and I wish to offer my
life.
Naruto Uzumaki... you
must live.
This is a secret
technique of my clan...
Life Transference!.
You see this boy, Muku?
He reminds me of you,
when you were young.
He's so small... and
yet his spirit is immense.
I have no doubt about
it, Muku. This boy
will be able to protect
all the things that you
and I wanted to protect.
I'm glad I was able to
see you once more at the
end... Now let me be your
guiding light. Naruto,
you must be the guiding
light for your people...
So that no one ever again
gets lost... and has to
feel such sorrow.
His pulse is returning.
Sakura! What
about her?!
Sakura... what?
Granny Tsunade?
Don't talk now... Save
it for when you're
feeling better, okay?
I heard a voice... I
heard Ryuzetsu's voice
calling out to me...
Rest now.
I was in a place that was
pitch black... It was
cold and so lonely...
I guess it must've been
like that for Muku the
whole time... In that
box, all alone...
Enough, now... Naruto.
There was no way out of
that place... and then I
heard her voice calling
me...
Wait, where is she?
Where is Ryuzetsu?
Chill it, homes, like the
lady said. Save it for
later, or you'll wind
up dead. You croak
yourself, gon' whomp
your head! Fool, ya
fool! Yeah!
Heh.
I don't have to think
very hard about what my
village means to me, Lord
Mui.... It's the one
place I can be myself and
not have to think about
it. And that means a lot.
I've been given my life
back and I won't waste it.
I'll live to protect those
things that people cherish,
big or small... I'll
never give up.
That's part of what it
means to be a guiding
light. Right, Ryuzetsu?
Take him away!
It wasn't me! I
didn't do anything!!
[sighing]
Well, how was I? I was
all right, right? I
didn't overdo it?
That was kinda cruel,
wasn't it? I mean,
first you put him under
24-hour surveillance and
then you drag the poor
guy in here at the crack
of dawn to accuse him!
Don't give me that! Who
suggested we play along
with the enemy's plan in
the first place?!
That was
you, Kakashi!
You're the one who's
gonna have to make
it up to Naruto.
Oh, no, no, no. I don't think
so. After all, you were the
one who decided we should
undertake this covert
collaborative mission
with the Hidden Cloud
Village.
Well, if you're
gonna do a job, you
might as well do it
right.
In any case, Naruto's
feelings must be pretty
hurt.
Well, when this is
over, we'll treat him to as
much Ichiraku ramen as he
can eat...